The following is the step by step manual to run the code : 

1. Run the first code cell. It will take sometime to import tortoise tts
2. Run the second cell. It will again install rotatory_embedding due to dependency problem.
3. Then u have to click run above the file and then select "Restart and clear cell outputs" to restart the file
	this is due to some probelm with kaggle environment and the libraries being used .
4. run the next cell
5. Again the run the cell below that downloads tortoise tts again .
6. Call the tortoise tts
7. Install the whisper model for speech transcription
8. Install moviepy
9. Install googletrans 
10. Call the libraries as mentioned
11. First u have to include the mp4 videos avaliable in the dataset folder in order to run the code on the test dataset
12. Run the next cell where the mp4 files are clipped into urdu and english seperate files
13. Run the next cell where the audio is extracted from the mp4 files and saved in the kaggle/working direcory (automatically saved u dont have to do anything)
14. Now call whisper (large) model to extract text from extracted audio 
15. Run the next cell where text is extracted from audio we extracted earlier and saved into the same directory
16. Now use googletrans to change your extracted text into your desired language for Dubbing.
17. Now the further cells u have to paste the path for your specific person audio in the path in the third cell after the heading
	"WE PRODUCE NEW AUDIO WITH TRAGET TEXT USING THE TORTOISE TTS"
18. Now the dataframe has the new translated text, using iloc and select your specific text that u want to the audio to speak
19. Now run the muted audio cell to mute the original urdu audio 
20. Call the Wav2Lip Model 
21. int the second cell after the Heading "Video Translation using Wav2Lip2" paste your muted audio path and your new audio path and run the cell
22. Finally run the next 2 cells and you will have your new dubbed video displayed
23. Also,commented code is avaliable in the last inorder to fine tune the Wav2Lip2 model
24. Also, for more than one video , code is avaliabel at the end to concatenate them and save them